hi this is Scott Martin they're watching
hi Bailey TV Scott congratulations on
the new contract with the Academy your
thoughts on that please I'm just elated
to be apart lately don't got the weight
he's known just talk to ya konan
hopefully pick a nice even more as weeks
go last week probably couldn't have got
any better for you could it really
coming on in the mini edinburgh darby
playing your part in that win and making
a debut for Scotland under seven scenes
in a win against Serbia and then at the
end of the week being told that you were
going to be given this new deal I was
blowing a canny bi tippy honest saw I'm
just blowed clothing myself and a
hopefully I can get back to the noodles
in a hopefully get on our games on them
about we'll see you're from the West of
Scotland aren't you but you've ended up
here in the East plane for hips in the
Academy setup tell our viewers and
hibernia fans everywhere a bit more
about your story how did you come to
hips where when I was a Celtic before I
came here in a got early steam sale
kicking in just try a faint on our club
and my mum named Sedna hot tubs asking a
a try own eventually got trial in
a couple months later st. seemed on the
feel things how inspirational is it to
see so many Academy graduates now
featuring at first team level for
hipster like civil see Sam stance and
Alex Harris Danny handling Jordan foster
there's so many designed to by using it
as a young player all right those eyes
miss blowing let's see skipton audit
they'll getting not chancing just bought
for you I could be next and winning it
get my chance how beneficial do feel
plane in the East of Scotland League has
been for you as well in terms of
adapting to the physicality of stepping
up to two adult for ball it's good its
aim I enjoy your joy when the games it
same heat shot your comfort zone tour
bus times where you can't be played
football and you need rest thailand
behind and just do that i said it again
and obviously just coming through
because you're still very young this
year and under-17 player so it's
plenty of years for you to develop and
progress here at hips yeah yeah I've got
a team in my hands so I'm happy about
that but I stole what occasion I don't
care of it I'm i bet younger than it is
time I saw ye be up there do you get a
lot of stick from the rest of the lads
because you're the youngest member of
the group I get all i spec for that I'm
always the youngest niece DD evidence or
bad when I thought we need us just
everybody's had to do but it's a good as
well see like Jason coming to obviously
you've played alongside ER under-20
level he's been promoted into the first
semen played in a senior edinburgh darby
as well i mean it just goes to show that
Terry Butcher amorous malpass are always
watching yes it's good it's a good
boosters his confidence Israel saw em
it's blowing that he can he can play
with a Faustian stop help help us out
and train in the nuts or and you get
gives us all a face as well so you say
this is good